Welcome all of you to the new episode of Insurance Ke Baat.
I am your insurance
guide and host Sonali Joshi. In Insurance Ke
Baat, today we will talk about a plan
which is all in one and a life
jacket to your financial problems. That
is ICICI Lombard Health Advantage
Plan. In this video, we will tell you
about the introduction, benefits, eligibility, coverage and exclusions of ICICI Lombard Health Advantage Plan. ICICI Lombard
Health Advantage Plan is a comprehensive
health insurance plan which takes care of all your
healthcare needs. This
policy covers many sum in short
options and also gives you additional coverage
against not one, not two, not three
but 20 critical illnesses including cancer and AIDS. There is
also motherhood insurance
for both mother and child but only if
you choose a sum in short of Rs 5 lakh.
Then ICICI Lombard Health Advantage
provides you with all your healthcare needs along with value added services.  There are various insurance programs like Wellness
Programs. Wellness programs are
those programs in insurance
that focus on your well-being, such
as chat with health and nutrition
experts. Did I say it's a life
jacket? Why did I say that?
In times of illness, ICICI Health Advantage
keeps you covered in over 6,700 network hospitals. You might be thinking that there are so many
benefits. I haven't even listed the benefits of this plan yet. Let's come to the
benefits of ICICI Health Advantage. First, wellness
and value-added services. Yes, this plan
offers amazing services to maintain your wellness, such as telemedicine,
pharmacy expertise, teleconsultation,
diagnostic services, online chat with a
doctor. ICICI Lombard Health Advantage
plan offers
hospitalization coverage for short-term patients, which means it
covers hospitalization expenses in India and outside India.
ICICI Lombard Health Advantage
plan provides coverage not only for hospitalizations but
also for home treatments,
which we call
domiciliary treatment.
[Music]
Minimum are eligible for tax benefits.
Talking about the eligibility of this plan,
its entry age is 91 days.
You can take this plan from the age of 91 days to 25 years. The
adult entry age in this plan is
maximum 65 years. In III Health Advantage,
you can take it for Rs. 5 lakh, 75 lakh, 10 lakh, 15 lakh, 20 lakh, 25 lakh, 30 lakh, 40 lakh, 50 lakh, 75 lakh, 1 crore,
1 crore, 2 and 3 crore. There are
two types of this plan - Family and
Individual. The floater policy term is one, two and
three years and the initial waiting period of
this plan is 30 days. In III Health
Advantage plan, you will get the
same coverage from sum insured of Rs. 5 lakh to Rs. 3 crore, in which
your room rent,
ICU charges, pre-hospitalization, post-
hospitalization, domiciliary hospitalization i.e.
treatment at home, day care treatment, no claim
bonus, automatic restoration are covered.
Automatic restoration means that the policy year
When your full coverage limit
is reached or exhausted during the policy term, this
feature automatically restarts your full coverage
limit. Daily
hospital cash, organ donor maternity cover,
newborn baby cover, AYUSH treatment,
ambulance and air ambulance are also covered in this plan.
OPD surgeries, COVID-19 treatment,
cataract, IVF treatment, modern
treatment, compassionate travel are not covered in ICICI Health Advantage.
You can also take ICICI Lombard Health Advantage
plan for your family, senior citizens
or mothers. The
policy always tells you that there are some
health conditions which are
not covered in any plan or are
not covered in any specific plan. These are
called inclusions. Exclusions of ICICI Health Advantage
are AIDS, Investigation and
Evaluation, Rest Cure, Rehabilitation and Rehabilitation Care, Obesity,
Weight Control, Change of
Gender Treatment, Cosmetic and Plastic
Surgery, Hazards and Adventure Sports and
Breach of Law. Why is there such a life jacket with
so many benefits?  You will get it and I
forgot to tell you one thing, along with
all the benefits and features of this plan, you will
get the trust of III, you all know that
III is a trusted brand,
millions of people trust III, so what else do you
need for any information related to insurance plans, we are always there
for you because we are
India's most trusted insurance
advisor. If you liked this video,
then like us, subscribe us and do not
forget to share this video, take care h